README.rst, before:

-------------------------------------
Pylons based replacement for hgwebdir
-------------------------------------

Fully customizable, with authentication, permissions. Based on vcs library.

**Overview**

- has it's own middleware to handle mercurial protocol request each request can 
  be logged and authenticated + threaded performance unlikely to hgweb
- full permissions per project read/write/admin access even on mercurial request
- mako templates let's you cusmotize look and feel of appplication.
- diffs annotations and source code all colored by pygments.
- mercurial branch graph
- admin interface for performing user/permission managments as well as repository
  managment
- backup scripts can do backup of whole app and send it over scp to desired location
- setup project descriptions and info inside built in db for easy, non 
  file-system operations
- added cache with invalidation on push/repo managment for high performance and
  always upto date data.
- rss /atom feed customizable
- future support for git
- based on pylons 1.0 / sqlalchemy 0.6

**Incoming**

- code review based on hg-review (when it's stable)
- git support (when vcs can handle it)
- other cools stuff that i can figure out

.. note::
   This software is still in beta mode. I don't guarantee that it'll work.
   

-------------
Installation
-------------
.. note::
   I recomend to install tip version of vcs while the app is in beta mode.
   
   
- create new virtualenv and activate it
- download hg app from default (not demo) branch from bitbucket and run 
  'python setup.py install' this will install all required dependencies needed
- goto pylons_app/lib and run python db_manage.py it should create all 
  needed tables and an admin account. You can play with this file if you wish to
  use different db than sqlite 
- edit file repositories.config and change the [paths] where you keep your
  mercurial repositories, remember about permissions for accessing this dir by
  hg app.
- run paster serve development.ini 
  the app should be available at the 127.0.0.1:5000
- use admin account you created to login.
- default permissions on each repository is read, and owner is admin. So remember
  to update those.

Commit message:

updated installation instruction, made more user friendly way of creating all needed configs. All is done now from paster setup-app

README.rst, after:

-------------------------------------
Pylons based replacement for hgwebdir
-------------------------------------

Fully customizable, with authentication, permissions. Based on vcs library.

**Overview**

- has it's own middleware to handle mercurial protocol request each request can 
  be logged and authenticated + threaded performance unlikely to hgweb
- full permissions per project read/write/admin access even on mercurial request
- mako templates let's you cusmotize look and feel of appplication.
- diffs annotations and source code all colored by pygments.
- mercurial branch graph
- admin interface for performing user/permission managments as well as repository
  managment
- backup scripts can do backup of whole app and send it over scp to desired location
- setup project descriptions and info inside built in db for easy, non 
  file-system operations
- added cache with invalidation on push/repo managment for high performance and
  always upto date data.
- rss /atom feed customizable
- future support for git
- based on pylons 1.0 / sqlalchemy 0.6

**Incoming**

- code review based on hg-review (when it's stable)
- git support (when vcs can handle it)
- other cools stuff that i can figure out

.. note::
   This software is still in beta mode. I don't guarantee that it'll work.
   

-------------
Installation
-------------
.. note::
   I recomend to install tip version of vcs while the app is in beta mode.
   
   
- create new virtualenv and activate it - highly recommend that you use separate
  virtual-env for whole application
- download hg app from default (not demo) branch from bitbucket and run 
  'python setup.py install' this will install all required dependencies needed
- run paster setup-app production.ini it should create all needed tables 
  and an admin account. Also it will create repositories.config for mercurial 
  commands, remember that the given path for mercurial repositories must be write
  accessible for the application
- run paster serve development.ini - or you can use manage-hg_app script.
  the app should be available at the 127.0.0.1:5000
- use admin account you created to login.
- default permissions on each repository is read, and owner is admin. So remember
  to update those.
